---
description: |
   deco.cx is a digital platform that allows you to create innovative applications quickly and easily.
---

[https://deco.cx](**deco.cx**) is a digital platform that allows you to create
innovative applications quickly and easily.

With _deco.cx_, developers can create sections (UI components) and functions
(which carry data) that can be configured by anyone on the digital experience
team through a visual editing interface. That means that **business users can
create and evolve** the content and configuration of the digital experience
**without the need for the developers deploy the changes.** Developers can add
editing functions to existing routes, and business users can create completely
dynamic pages composed from these building blocks through a visual interface.

In addition to pages, _deco.cx_ allows teams to manage _feature flags_,
experiments and campaigns with a global configuration management service
instant, optimized for _edge_. Using matching functions and effect,
configuration changes can be applied to any audience specific. Every change is
instantly available to users counterparts, from rolling out features to A/B
testing of content and targeting specific users with personalized content.

deco.cx was designed to be fast, secure and easy to use. That's why, we build
the platform on top of open source technologies features, including
[https://fresh.deno.dev](fresh), a framework for the creation of native edge
applications, [https://supabase.com](supabase), a managed Postgres database and
authentication wrapper, and jitsu, a data collector.

We at _deco.cx_ offer a managed Live infrastructure on deco.cx, where you can
scale from zero to millions of users without worrying about infrastructure. If
you like the platform, give it a try :) Life is very short to handle CDN setup
and database management.
